[singing voice] Aniplex.
[gasps]
[grunts]
[gunshot]
[groans]
‐ [Man] Enemies!
‐ [Man 2] Where are they?
[Man] They're flying in
from above!
Engage them!
[booming]
[bullets flying]
[Man] All clear.
Everybody, stay alert.
[Man] Right!
Huh?
What the‐‐
[booming]
[Man] Goddamn you!
[magical whooshing]
[booming]
[Man] Mahesvara.
[Rin singing in Japanese]
[Rin Akatsuki's "Konotede"]
♪♪ ♪♪
[Man] Wiped out?
[Man 2] Based on the reports
we received,
it seems that they
were wiped out
in a powerful assault
by an aerial team.
[grunts]
[Man 2] Additionally,
we've received
an unconfirmed report that‐‐
Go on!!
During our communication
with the mobile unit,
we picked up the word Mahesvara.
Mahesvara?
That's the demon of Okinawa!
[Man] I don't believe it.
This is just a sick joke!
[distant booming]
[loud booming]
Advance and drive them back!
[all shouting]
[booming]
[screams]
[shouting]
[whimpers]
‐ [shouts]
‐ [Man] Run!
[all screaming]
Advance!
[all shouting]
[Masaki] Open the gates!
'Cause otherwise we'll just have
to assume you're in league
with the invaders.
[gate rumbling]
[gasps]
[grunts]
So who are you, then?
Greetings.
My name is Zhou Gongjin.
As in the Three Kingdoms?
That's my real name.
[Masaki] Very sorry.
I'm Masaki Ichijou.
[Zhou] I can assure you we
are not affiliated
with the invaders.
As a matter of fact,
we are victims as well.
We're cooperating with you,
of course,
in the hopes
that you'll recognize
this fact.
Hmm.
We're grateful for the help.
[exhales]
What in the blazes happened
back there?
I think it'd be much easier
to swallow if you told me
the whole thing
was hallucinated.
But it wasn't.
[Kei] Both the fact
that I almost died
and that your leg was severed...
In incontrovertibly true.
Miyuki, what type of spell
was Tatsuya casting?
[Maki] Healing magic, right?
Well, no.
What my brother had used
wasn't exactly healing magic.
The name of that spell
he launched is Regrowth.
Going back in time up
to 24 hours,
he makes a full copy
of the Eidos
before sustaining injury.
This copy is overwritten onto
the current data
as a magic sequence restoring
the Eidos
to a state before
the injury occurred.
[all gasping]
Wait, does that mean
Tatsuya possesses
the capability to heal any sort
of wound in one go?
He doesn't heal people
in just one go, Mr. Yoshida.
In one instant.
His targets aren't restricted
to organic matter.
Whether it's a human being
or machine,
he has the power
to restore any creature
or object in a single instant.
[Miyuki] Due to the special kind
of wizardry,
my brother's unable to wield
any other incantations freely.
His magic calculation area
is governed by the strain
of this godlike power,
and as a result,
he has zero capacity
for other magic.
I guess that explains
why Tatsuya's skills
are so unbalanced.
I see.
He's keeping such
high level magic on standby
so it's no wonder
that other sequences
would get blocked.
[grunts]
No way!
That's beyond incredible!
If it was sustained within
a day or less,
any injury could be healed
as though it never happened?
Amazing.
Think of the demand
for such a skill.
Just imagine,
he could save thousands
or even millions of lives.
That's right.
Compared to working miracles,
not being able
to employ other spells
is only a minor trade off.
[Erika] Why does Tatsuya
keep such
a wonder power a secret?
[exhales]
Wiping out injuries
as if they had never happened‐‐
a spell that strong...
You think he can cast it
without paying a dear price?
[both gasping]
To rewind the Eidos change log
so he can make a full copy,
the information inside
that data set
must be read in its entirety.
[Miyuki] It goes without saying,
that includes
the pain experienced
by the injured party.
Oh!
Not only that,
it's transmitted
in condensed form.
Which means from the time
that Isori was injured today
until my brother cast his spell,
I would estimate only half
a minute had gone by.
[Miyuki] Whereas the time
my brother spent
reading Isori's Eidos
change log amounted
to approximately .2 seconds.
In that single blink of an eye,
my poor brother's mind
experienced 150 times
the pain and suffering felt
by Isori all condensed.
[Isori gasps]
I can't even imagine that.
Understand that every time
my brother heals
somebody's wounds,
that is the price
his psyche pays.
I ask you,
should he still use
his power for others despite
how much it hurts him?
[Man] All right,
listen up, everyone.
As of this moment
we're initiating Plan B.
Lieutenant Lu.
[Chen] Forget about revenge.
From the get‐go,
our mistake was obsessing
over a relic of unknown value.
I understand, sir.
Here we go.
[Chen] To the Magic Association.
[gasps]
Mizuki, what's happening?
Well, near Bay Hills Tower
where the Magic Association
is located
I thought I spotted
what looked like
a beast‐like aura.
Beast‐like aura?
[grunts]
[magical whooshing]
[thuds]
Hmm.
[lion roaring]
It's the enemy!
[grunting]
[all shouting]
[both grunting]
[grunting]
Ooh!
Wait, he's that...
He's that man
from the other day.
Lu Ganghu.
He managed to escape.
[Erika] Lu Ganghu?
Hang on.
You know him?
‐ A powerful foe.
‐ Oh?
‐ Mari.
‐ All right.
We'll be the ones
to take that monster down.
Mr. Saijou, Erika.
You two are gonna be lending us
a hand.
We're way ahead of you.
[scoffs]
[booming]
Huh?
[scoffs]
[snarls]
[yells]
[Erika grunts]
[shouting]
[both grunting]
[all grunting]
Panzer!
[shouting]
[gagging]
[groans]
[shouting]
You're dead!
‐ Hmm?
‐ [grunts]
[shouts]
[gasps]
[grunts]
[groans]
[both grunting]
[groaning]
[grunting]
[both grunting]
[groans]
[grunting]
Huh?
[shouting]
[gasps]
[screams]
[groaning]
[chuckles]
[exhales]
[digital beeping]
Hmm?
[Miyuki] So this
is the Ghost Walker.
[gasps]
[Chen] Miyuki Shiba.
If you know who I am
then it's clear that you
must be the one who
has been persistently following
my brother around lately.
What are you doing here, kid?
How could my spell not
have worked on you?
I knew what to expect.
I was told not to lose
my bearings.
If I'm being honest with you,
that alone meant
basically nothing to me.
[Miyuki] Nevertheless,
I took great care.
I thought if I was wary
of all four cardinal directions
that I would somehow manage.
[grunts]
Fortunately for me,
there's a magician on my side
who can see the invisible.
And even though your spell
may be transparent
to the human eye,
she still managed
to see you.
Therefore,
since you're
the one who's spying on us,
we'll rest assured
for the time being.
As long as we make
you vanish without a trace.
[whimpering]
[Miyuki] Please,
rest for a while.
[gasping]
[Miyuki] Don't worry.
I have improved my technique.
So there's no danger of you not
waking up once you've gone.
[rumbling]
[tires squealing]
[booming]
[man screaming]
[tires squealing]
[Man] Retreat!
Retreat!
[Man] Do we pursue them,
Captain?
[Yanagi] That's a negative.
Leave the stragglers
for the backup unit.
We're going to directly assault
the enemy's ship.
[Kyouko] Captain Yanagi.
Please refrain
from any direct attacks
on the enemy's vessel.
[Yanagi] I don't understand.
Why?
The ship is equipped
with hydrazine fuel batteries.
[Kyouko] If we were to damage
the vessel in Tokyo Bay,
the adverse affects
on marine life
would be too severe.
[Yanagi] So what now?
[Man] Come to base.
[Yanagi] Wait, what?
[Man] Don't get the wrong idea.
This change doesn't mean
the end of the operation.
Let the Tsurumi
and Fujisawa units handle
the sweep of the enemy remnants.
You fall back for now.
How's the sweep going?
[Kyouko] More or less done.
There's still a bit
of sporadic fighting going on
in the city but that should
die down sometime tonight.
An update on that shelter,
the one right under
Sakuragicho Station.
[Sanada] A temporary tunnel
is scheduled
to open up by tomorrow.
And the vessel?
[Kyouko] Heading south
down Sagaminada
at 30 knots.
It's about halfway
between Oshima
and the Bousou Peninsula.
It won't be an issue
if we sink it there.
[grunts]
Major Sanada,
unlock the third eye seal.
Yes, sir.
[chuckles]
Formness but emptiness.
Emptiness is form.
‐ [girl] Password confirmed.
‐ [chuckles]
[mechanics clanging]
[Harunobu] Officer.
Using Material Burst,
sink the enemy vessel.
[Tatsuya] Right.
Linking up with the surveillance
camera in the stratosphere.
[beeping]
Material Burst, activate.
[Man] Just as we thought.
The Japanese military didn't
return fire.
[Man scoffs]
As if those people had the guts.
Perhaps they feared causing
a hydrazine spill.
The same difference.
The Japanese self defense force
is so caught up
in their hypocritical concern
for the environment
that they'll allow
the enemy to retreat.
Don't ever forget this.
We're going to pay you back
for this humiliation two‐fold.
[alarms blaring]
[Man] What's going on?
[booming]
[Kyouko] Confirming explosion
at ship coordinates.
I'm unable to verify
the status right now
but we can infer
the vessel's been sunk.
The vessel has been sunk.
Any risk of a Tsunami?
No, we're good.
We were able
to achieve pinpoint focus
on a two cubic inch drop
of water from 50 miles away.
Safe to say Third Eye certainly
lived up to its design.
Good work, Oguro.
Sir.
[cell phone ringing]
We just received word
from GHQ.
The Great Asian Alliance
is gathering their forces
at Zhenhai Navel Port.
[Kyouko] We're being ordered
to deal with them
at the Tsushima Base.
[Maya] That's quite a crisis
you found yourself in today.
[Miyuki] Apologies
for making you worry.
Oh, my dear,
I'm simply relieved
to see that you're safe.
Either way, Miyuki,
with Tatsuya as your bodyguard,
there was truly no need
for me to worry, of course.
Come to think of it, however,
where is Tatsuya now?
[engine rumbling]
[Miyuki] I'm sorry.
He had some follow‐up duties
to tend to
so he hasn't come home yet.
[Maya] My, my.
That Tatsuya.
Where do you suppose he's
wasting away his time
while deserting
his beloved sister?
We both sincerely apologize
for causing you such anxiety.
But really, Aunt Maya,
you have no cause for concern,
because as you know,
my brother's power protects me
at all times.
Ah, yes.
[Maya] That's true.
You've got a point.
Even though you are always able
to release him from his chains,
It's not as if Tatsuya himself
could be the one to break
the vow he made to you.
[tires squealing]
[Miyuki] Yes,
it's just as you say.
Hearing you say it puts
my mind at ease.
Anyway,
can you two please stop by
the mansion sometime soon‐ish?
I'd be honored.
As soon as my brother
returns home,
I will let him know.
Great.
Then I shall look forward to it.
All right, then.
Have a good night,
my darling.
[Miyuki] Good night.
[beeping]
Oh, brother.
As we anticipated,
the enemy fleet is now preparing
to go into battle.
Take a look at this image.
[whirring]
[Harunobu] This was taken
five minutes ago.
If our estimation is correct,
the enemy will leave their port
within the next two hours.
Unfortunately,
the Great Asian Alliance's fleet
is already finished mobilizing
whereas our navy just started
to do so yesterday.
At this point,
our only option is to engage
the enemy's naval forces
with land‐
and air‐based firepower.
We're in for a bitter fight.
Therefore,
to overcome the situation,
a strategic‐class magician
will be deployed
by the Magic Battalion
to destroy the Alliance's fleet.
Those are the orders.
This operation has already
been approved
by the joint staff council.
[buzzing]
Special officer Oguro,
are you ready now?
[Tatsuya] Ready to go.
The satellite link
is also working well.
Agent, prepare to activate
Material Burst‐‐
the mass energy conversion
magic spell.
Preparations complete.
Material Burst, activate!
[magical whooshing]
Now activating.
Material Burst.
[screeching]
[screaming]
[booming]
Update.
The enemy fleet's
been wiped out.
No.
Demolished.
A massive magical explosion‐‐
[Mayumi] Scorched Halloween.
At least that's
how future historians
will refer to this day.
Not only was it a turning point
in military history,
but all of history itself.
It marked the ascension
of magic over mechanical,
atomic,
biological,
and chemical weapons
of mass destruction.
An incident that proved magic
was ultimately the difference
between victory and defeat.
And for the breed known
as magicians,
this was truly the beginning
of their history
of glory and suffering.
[Rin singing in Japanese]
[Rin Akatsuki's "Konotede"]
♪♪ ♪♪
[gasping]
[Tadanori] Pardon me,
Miss Yotsuba,
but we just received word
from Major Kazama.
He wishes to come over
and brief you next Sunday.
[Maya] Oh?
[slurping]
Well, why don't we have Miyuki
and Tatsuya visit us
that day as well?
Oh, how I look forward
to seeing them both.